Rates add (#494)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/README.md

| [Get all rules](rules.md#get-all-rules) | Returns all rules applied with the reservations |
| [Get all business segments](businesssegments.md#get-all-business-segments) | Returns all business segments of the default service provided by the enterprise |
| [Get all rates](rates.md#get-all-rates) | Returns all rates \(pricing setups\) and rate groups \(condition settings\) of the default service provided by the enterprise |

> | [Add rates](rates.md#add-rates) | Adds a new rates |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Add rates](rates.md#add-rates) | Adds new rates to the enterprise |
```
